my chairs really squeaky hi I'm hoping
the sound isn't super crappy I don't
know why it was so bad before I think it
was too close to the camera or something
um but anyway so I wanted to do this
video because I am going to get my hair
cut today I'm really excited I know
in December like mid December I posted a
transitioning like a video because I had
gotten my hair cut and I realized very
shortly after I got it cut and I showed
you guys that I was really not happy
with it and I'm not happy with it now so
I'm trying to grow my hair out I'm kind
of not wanting it to be short anymore
but I'm it's improving to be a little
bit difficult for me just because of my
hair texture and such I don't know I'm
having issues with like the sides and I
just I feel like it's OneNote like I
feel like I can't do anything with it
it's always this way I feel like I could
get you know I bought some hair stuff
which I'll probably do a haul on and I
know I can do hats and that kind of
thing but I just are really really tired
of it so I'm going to a salon today and
I'm just gonna tell them I really I'm
just unhappy with this so I'm not quite
sure what we're gonna do I'm not totally
opposed to cutting the sides short I
mean I would like the top to stay longer
and then that I could kind of grow out
with but the sides are just what's
driving me out of my mind and I just
don't like the way that it's styled and
I want to be able to style in different
ways and like this way or you know
bringing all the hair to the other side
and I just really feel OneNote with it
so I mean I'm hoping that I get a
different kind of vibe because it just
feels kind of like honestly what it
makes me feel like is like a little boy
that had a short haircut that's growing
it out and it's kind of like in that
like mushroomy stage and I just it's not
working for me at all so I'm hoping you
know I can express what I'm thinking and
then I I found some pictures on
Pinterest that are shorter but I don't
know so every time I've had my short
pixie hair before
it's been like shorter on the top so I
know it's still not super long but we'll
see how it goes so anyways I wanted to
show you the before so what I've been
doing is just kind of pulling this back
so she can't even deal with this side of
my head and then what's really bothering
me is like on the sides you can see that
this is not even over the ears is much
shorter and then the back is choppy as F
and a complete friggin mess um and then
this side is just the same with the ears
but it's just I'm just really not happy
with it and I want something new I want
something that I can change up you know
if they want to be funky can be funky if
I want it to be smooth it can be smooth
just something that's easier for me and
I'm also getting it toned so that it is
nice and bright and white and before
anyone gives me any questions my OB said
it's perfectly fine for me to dye and
bleach my hair so no worries on that
front I asked the question and got the
answer I was hoping for
okay so I'm gonna come back after this
and hopefully have a lot happier head of
hair alright so I got my hair cut
yesterday I was gonna film the after
right after I got it done but the
appointment took over three hours and I
had the worst headache and I was so
exhausted that I just came home and kind
of passed out so um that was why this is
being filmed today not that you would
have known if I hadn't said anything I
think I guess I've got a different shirt
on anyways so when I got there
originally my plan was just to get it
toned but when I got there the guy was
like if I don't it's not gonna be the
same colors cuz your ends are a lot
lighter than the middle which is kind of
yellow and then the roots and lovel
awesome we bless you we just went ahead
with the whole dyeing bleaching process
and then he toned it and then they gave
me a deep conditioner which I don't know
what they used but it has made my hair
so D I'm shiny and it's so so soft and
then I went and went to the stylist who
was also pregnant which was cool I got
to like I like don't know anybody that's
pregnant right now like in persons
like oh my gosh it she was like right
around the same time as me so I was like
how we could talk about things um but
she's got my hair before and she's
really cool so I told her you know I was
kind of like not digging the style I had
it felt thick it felt heavy I just
didn't like it but so we decided on
something similar that she's done before
which is an undercut and I'm okay with
it because the top is still has the
length so I can this is fine growing out
and then I'll deal with the rest later
I don't know we'll deal with it later
but you can see underneath right about
to here the hair is really pretty sure
it's like an inch long and that's how it
is all the way around but then the top
is longer it kind of lays over it and
this is good for my hair too because my
hair is so thick that the way that it
looks is almost like somebody with
normal hair if they just got a pixie or
a shorter haircut so I actually really
forgot how much I liked under cuts but I
will show you all of it so she thinned
it out a ton it feels so light and
amazing it was so thick before and
thinned it out pieced it out so then
this side is a little bit long well it's
got more going on than the other side
there's the back as you can see like the
long pieces and then it has this short
part and I found out that the I found
out that this place does free neck trims
and I was like how did I not know that
because I knew they did bank trims but I
didn't know they did neck trims and that
is the worst part about having a pixie
is that this part just grows out into
this melody gross miss and I didn't
realize I could just walk in and be like
this part um and then okay so then
there's this side this side you can more
noticeably tell it's an undercut I think
then this side yeah I like it a lot more
because with my other cut like I had
mentioned I felt like I had to parted
right there and then there was like
nothing I could do or this one I mean I
can have that like shaking ability I
guess um
or it can be smoothed down the only
problem I've had isn't what I woke up
and I'm sure this is just because I went
to the stylist you know and they put all
the product in and it was 5:30 at night
and I was like okay but it looks good
but there was a ton of product in my
hair it's when I
cup and it was just like little kid like
all over but it goes down he is the you
know really happy with this I'm much
happier and then I was and I know like I
said I did a video a couple weeks ago
about growing out of pixie but I
couldn't take it anymore and hopefully
you know eventually I'll be able to get
across that hurdle of growing it out but
just the way it was was just I couldn't
do it it wasn't me it was like frumpy
and I just wasn't happy with it so this
I'm much happier with and then of course
the the blondness I am really happy
about so that's about it for this video
um and I will see you guys I don't know
what is the next I haven't scheduled
stuff out yet but I'll see you probably
Friday bye